docs(known limitations): rewrite and add heading (#17623)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/known-limitations.md

- The bot needs to run against your repository
- The current time needs to fall within your repository's configured schedule

### GitHub hosted app scheduled jobs

On the GitHub hosted app Mend checks each active repository approximately every 3 hours, if no activity has been seen before then (merged PRs, etc).

> For this reason, you should set your schedule window to at least three-four hours.

Author: ```suggestion
For this reason, you should set your schedule window to at least three or four hours.
```

- The bot needs to run against your repository
- The current time needs to fall within your repository's configured schedule

> ### GitHub hosted app hourly checks
> 
> On the GitHub hosted app Mend intends to run a hourly check on all active repositories.
> But sometimes it takes longer to process each repository.
> Renovate may even skip one (or more) of your repositories during an hourly run.
> 
> For this reason, you should set your schedule window to at least two or three hours per run.
> This makes it likely that Renovate bot checks your repository at least once during the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GitHub hosted app scheduled jobs

On the GitHub hosted app Mend checks each active repository approximately every 3 hours, if no activity has been seen before then (merged PRs, etc).

For this reason, you should set your schedule window to at least three-four hours.
This makes it likely that Renovate bot checks your repository at least once during the schedule.
```
